Enable source code context for Flutter (#7157)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/flutter/upload-debug.mdx

## Uploading Source Maps for Flutter Web

You can also use our CLI to [upload source maps for Flutter Web](/product/cli/releases/#managing-release-artifacts).

> 
> Source Context works out of the box for Flutter Web, only the Source Maps is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so automatically enables Source Context for Flutter Web as well.
```

## Uploading Source Context for Flutter Android, iOS, and macOS

To enable [Source Context](/platforms/flutter/data-management/debug-files/source-context/) use the [`upload_sources`](/platforms/flutter/upload-debug/#sentry-dart-plugin) option.

> Check out the [Native Symbolication on iOS/macOS](/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting/#native-symbolication-on-iosmacos) and [Source Context](/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting/#source-context) troubleshooting guides for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, check out the [Native Symbolication on iOS/macOS](/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting/#native-symbolication-on-iosmacos) and [Source Context](/platforms/flutter/troubleshooting/#source-context) troubleshooting guides.
```

Reviewer: `l`: I like to put the reason for clicking links in the front
